Game Demo: The video no more than 15 minutes long
Playable video game application: setup.exe or .MSI file of no more than 300 MB
Game summary: a short description (150 words maximum) .doc, .docx, .pdf or .txt
Game Play instructions: game screen (.jpg file) or as a text in a readme file (name your file as readme only).






a little girl (12-13 years of age like Dora) very adventurous and intelligent

First Stage-
one sunny day she decides to go to her Granny's place
her journy starts
on her way to Granny's place she have to pass through a dense forrest
in the forest there will be geographical difficulties 
and mosquitos and flies carryin' diseases
so there will be powerups like she will get swatter
to kill files and medi packs if she is hit by mosquitoes
...
at the end of the level she will discover that
there were so many mosquitos coz
a river or small stream is blocked by PLASTIC
so she'll learn and teach us too that we should use PAPER

Second Stage-
one christmas she waits for the santa
but santa didnt come she wents to visit santa
santa tells her that due to much Global Warming
some part of his home broke off and all th gifts flooded away
her journy stats
she starts with a big ladder and then jumping form clouds to clouds
on her way CO2 and CO molecules comes to stop her and her destination is to
reach the ozone...
at the end of the level she patches up OZONE layer
and comes down and learns that we must us fuel like CNG, or
renewable

Third Stage-
one day she goes to river to have a bath
she saw that the fishes are upset
the told her that their homes are destroyed by
OIL, FACTORY waste Molecules
her journy starts again
its a water stage so she have to come up to the surface for air
so she can stay in water for a certain amount of time
she have to reach the outlet of factory waste line and put a filter which
cleans the waste before dispose
and fixes the leaked oil pipes...
moral - must take care of OUR waste before disposing them









storyline of the game-----

their was a girl 11 yr. old named Gombli. She live in a imaginary planet like earth but very small it have 5 things in it like a small city, a village, a BIG factory,a Forest and arctic region.

first stage (global warming and ozone depletion)

its christmas time santa claus is not coming ,so gombli is waiting in her room for him.
then she went to visit santa and found that santa is pretty upset. he says that due to global warming all his gifts and his home have lost due to glaciers and ice floor broken.

Gameplay 
goal--to reach the strtosphere and destroy all the green house gases
wen she reaches their she sees some of the green house gases as well as ozone depleting substances like CFC have destroyed ozone layer now she hav to destroy all this gases molecules.

second stage (water pollution)
she goes for a bath in the pool their she found that the fishes are unhappy coz. of water pollution.
so she will help them in cleaning it up

goal--to reach the polluting source on the way killing all the water pollutants like the nuclear,industry and marine waste.
wen she reach the polluting sources she will use a simple technology to rectify them like using a filter.








