	http://www.gamediscovery.com/ideas/archive/Video-Game-497.asp

You are a cannibal put in the most high security prison in the world. All the security guards have machine guns and tasers. You start off with just the ability to bite people until you get guns. Along the way you can free other prisoners and cause riots to help you escape. You find maps of the prison pipe system and choose a potential escape route. You have to choose which pipes are big enough for you to fit through and which ones that won't be totally submerged in water. You will also have to pick the time at which you go through them because water will be flushing through them at certain times. If you get caught everything gets taken away from you like guns and other weapons. If you get caught more than once you get severely electrocuted but not killed. Each time you get electrocuted it causes an error in the way your body functions. It can cause you to spasm, sneeze or cough spontaneously. This causes you to get caught more often therefore making it harder to escape. If you do escape from the prison you will have to steal a car as fast as you can and head for the border. If you make it to the border you will have finished the game


	http://www.gamediscovery.com/ideas/archive/Video-Game-1454.asp

Physics Crime is a game about a policeman who turns to the dark side, which incidentally, isn’t too dark. The world is about to end, and only the dark side, also known as the PF (Physics Fugitives), know about it. Their job is to help humanity by using a secret weapon of theirs to gain access to a computer network inside a computer station. In the beginning, all you know is that the PF is a psychotic fundamentalist cult, bent on a life of crime. While on another mission, you accidentally stumble into an underground fortress, where the PF was rumored to be hiding. That is the first level. You venture into the dark depths, and start seeing odd people dressed in navy blue capes. When they realize that you are there, they start to attack. When you attack at this point, all you have is a gun and a nightstick, so it’s going to be tough. Ammo is sometimes found in their pockets, and other times, they have knives and such, so take as much as you can. As you descend lower, the harder the enemies become. Weird things start to occur, like a temporary loss of gravity, no friction, a pull in one direction, etc. Eventually, there is a cut scene where you are captured by a guy in a maroon cape, who is wearing some sort of blindfold. They tell you their theories, calmer than some non-believers. You, being a major in theoretical mathematics (being a policeman is a temporary job), understand entirely, and decide to join them. They give you a blindfold, which is really a visor with a chemical called Umneutona. Umneutona is a radical substance which can reverse the laws of physics. The PF has controlled the chemical, and now has powers never imagined. They start you off with just the power to have a pull in one direction. When moving, you can use a second cursor to control a target, which can be made larger or smaller. When you use the ability, it fills the entire area highlighted. It also uses Umneutona, so be careful not to use it that much. After completing your assignments, you get new abilities. Here are just a few:

 

Galactic Pull

Gravity Low

Gravity High

No Friction

High Friction (Wall Walker)

Magnetization

No Gravity

Gravity Reverse

Compression

Expansion

 

When you find new files about information, you can go back to the base, and hack into the files. The last mission is finding the entrance port to the computer station’s network. You can hack into different drives, and fight firewalls and stuff. When you save the world, therefore beating the game, you can start off as a real policemen with special abilities, fighting crime the interesting way.

